W-11847476. Info of limitation in multipart reader (#216)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-troubleshoot.adoc

"～―－＄￠￡㈱①"
----

> ====  The multipart/form-data reader doesn't support UTF-8 characters by default

Reviewer: This header should match the format of the other sections, also note that the sections are itemized above.

"～―－＄￠￡㈱①"
----

[[multipart_reader]]
====  Multipart/Form-Data Reader Does Not Support UTF-8 Characters by Default

> If non-ASCII characters are used in the multipart filenames, UTF-8 results in corrupted data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use UTF-8 characters in the multipart filenames, the non-ASCII characters in the names are corrupted.
```
